Added text visualizer details. (#1604)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/fundamentals/dashboard/explore.md

:::image type="content" source="media/explore/projects.png" lightbox="media/explore/projects.png" alt-text="A screenshot of the .NET Aspire dashboard Resources page.":::

To view a _text visualizer_ of certain columns, on hover you'll see a vertical ellipsis icon. Select the icon to display the available options:

> - **Copy to clipboard**: Copies the text to the clipboard.
> - **Open in text visualizer**: Opens a text visualizer modal dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Copy to clipboard**
- **Open in text visualizer**
```

Consider the following screenshot of the ellipsis menu options:

:::image type="content" source="media/explore/text-visualizer-selection-menu.png" lightbox="media/explore/text-visualizer-selection-menu.png" alt-text="A screenshot of the .NET Aspire dashboard Resources page, showing the ellipsis menu options.":::

When you select the **Open in text visualizer** option, a modal dialog opens with the text displayed in a larger format. Consider the following screenshot of the text visualizer modal dialog:

:::image type="content" source="media/explore/text-visualizer-resources.png" lightbox="media/explore/text-visualizer-resources.png" alt-text="A screenshot of the .NET Aspire dashboard Resources page, showing the text visualizer.":::

> Some values are formatted as JSON or XML, in these cases, the text visualizer will enable the **Select format** dropdown to switch between the different formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some values are formatted as JSON or XML. In these cases, the text visualizer enables the **Select format** dropdown to switch between the different formats.
```
